# kaspersky-to-csv
 Converts the .txt files generated by Kaspersky Password Manager into CSV file, similar to the ones exported by Chromium browsers, for use in transferring/switching to other password managers.


Currently supports the following entries:
- Accounts (username, password, URL, notes)
- Applications (app name, username, password, notes)

### Does this actually work?
Yes, it does. I have tested it with the .txt files generated by Kaspersky Password Manager 23.2.0.242 / 1701842894_7518 / 1.1.0.2_1 and with 540 entries. The output CSV file was successfully imported into Dashlane.

NOTE: If you would like to import the CSV file into Chrome, you may see the following errors: 
- *A password is required*
    - This is because Chrome requires a password for every entry, even if it is not a password entry. You can fix this by adding a password to every entry in the CSV file. *If you deliberately don't have a password for an entry, you can ignore this error!*
- *A URL is required*
    - Chrome needs URLs for every entry, and this error will appear if have another type of entry (e.g. an application entry) without a URL.

## Usage
There is both a Python and a HTML/JS version of the script. The Python version is more feature-complete, but the JS version is more portable and has a basic web interface.

### JS
The JS version is written in HTML and JavaScript. It should work in any modern browser, but has only been tested in Chromium-based browsers.

This is available as a GitHub Pages site at https://draggie306.github.io/kaspersky-to-csv, and also mirrored onto my website at https://kaspersky-to-csv.ibaguette.com/.

### Python
The Python version is written in Python 3.10.7 but should work with any Python 3 version. `csv`, `os` and `time` are the only dependencies.

To use the Python version, run `python3 kaspersky-txt-to-csv.py` and input the path to the .txt file when prompted. The script will output a .csv file in the same directory as the .txt file.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

If you experience any issues, please open an issue! I'll try and fix it as soon as possible (don't worry if you've never opened an issue before, I'll try and help you through it).
